#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/local.in
#
--no-binary psycopg2

-e git+https://github.com/MuckRock/pysolr.git@958db93824d6ba58c3183cee43f8cfd8c26165ba#egg=pysolr
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
-e git+https://github.com/elritsch/python-sharedmock#egg=sharedmock
    # via -r requirements/local.in
aioboto3==9.6.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
aiobotocore[boto3]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aioboto3
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiobotocore
aioitertools==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
argon2-cffi==19.1.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.11.7
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==19.3.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.7.0
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   ipython
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
black==24.8.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
bleach==6.0.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
boto==2.49.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   smart-open
boto3==1.21.21
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiobotocore
    #   smart-open
botocore==1.24.21
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   squarelet-auth
certifi==2019.6.16
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
coverage==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   django-coverage-plugin
cpuprofile==1.0.1
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
cryptography==35.0.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   premailer
cssutils==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   premailer
daily-active-users==0.1.2
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
decorator==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   pikepdf
dill==0.3.5.1
    # via pylint
django==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   daily-active-users
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-choices
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-parler
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   django-redis
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   dogslow
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   rest-social-auth
    #   squarelet-auth
django-appconf==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-autoslug==1.9.8
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-compressor==4.4
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==3.13.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-coverage-plugin==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-cprofile-middleware==1.0.5
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.1.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==3.2.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   django-parler-rest
django-parler-rest==2.2
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-premailer==0.2.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   python-redis-lock
django-robots==5.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   rest-social-auth
djangorestframework-simplejwt==4.8.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
docutils==0.15.2
    # via sphinx
dogslow==1.2
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
drf-flex-fields==1.0.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
drf-nested-routers==0.91
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.in
ecdsa==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   python-jose
entrypoints==0.3
    # via flake8
executing==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   stack-data
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
faker==2.0.1
    # via factory-boy
fakeredis==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements/local.in
fasttext==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
flake8==3.7.8
    # via -r requirements/local.in
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   gcsfs
furl==2.1.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
gcsfs==0.3.1
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
google-api-core[grpc]==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
google-auth==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   gcsfs
google-cloud-language==2.0.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
google-cloud-pubsub==1.0.2
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
grpcio==1.47.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
html2text==2020.1.16
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.1.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via pluggy
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipdb==0.13.9
    # via -r requirements/local.in
ipython==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   ipdb
isort==4.3.21
    # via pylint
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==2.10.1
    # via sphinx
jmespath==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.0.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.2
    # via astroid
libcst==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-language
listcrunch==1.0.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
llvmlite==0.38.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   numba
logzio-python-handler==4.1.1
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
luqum==0.8.1
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   pikepdf
    #   premailer
markdown==3.4.1
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
multidict==4.7.5
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
numba==0.55.2
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   fasttext
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
opencv-python==4.6.0.66
    # via -r requirements/local.in
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   deprecation
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   sphinx
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pdfminer-six==20200517
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.5.28
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
pebble==4.5.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   ipython
pikepdf==5.4.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pikepdf
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
pluggy==0.12.0
    # via pytest
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   luqum
premailer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   django-premailer
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
proto-plus==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-language
protobuf==4.25.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   logzio-python-handler
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements/local.in
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   stack-data
py==1.8.2
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.7
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
pybind11==2.6.2
    # via fasttext
pycodestyle==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.19
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
pyflakes==2.1.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.14.5
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymupdf==1.25.3
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-sugar
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pytest-mock==3.8.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pytest-sugar==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
python-levenshtein==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
python-redis-lock[django]==3.3.1
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
python-slugify==3.0.3
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
python3-openid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   babel
    #   djangorestframework
    #   google-api-core
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   libcst
rcssmin==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
redis==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   django-redis
    #   fakeredis
    #   python-redis-lock
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   logzio-python-handler
    #   premailer
    #   pysolr
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   smart-open
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
    #   squarelet-auth
requests-mock==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements/local.in
requests-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
rest-social-auth==8.1.0
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
rjsmin==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
rsa==4.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
rules==2.1
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
s3transfer==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
scikit-learn==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/local.in
scipy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-choices
    #   django-coverage-plugin
    #   faker
    #   fakeredis
    #   furl
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   jsonschema
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
smart-open==1.8.4
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
snowballstemmer==1.9.1
    # via sphinx
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   rest-social-auth
social-auth-core[openidconnect]==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   rest-social-auth
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   squarelet-auth
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   fakeredis
    #   pdfminer-six
sphinx==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.3
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
squarelet-auth==0.1.9
    # via -r /app/requirements/base.txt
stack-data==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   ipython
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via pytest-sugar
text-unidecode==1.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   faker
    #   python-slugify
threadpoolctl==2.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via ipdb
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.11.4
    # via pylint
traitlets==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   black
    #   libcst
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   libcst
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
unidecode==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.10
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wand==0.6.6
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfplumber
wcwidth==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.11.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiobotocore
    #   astroid
yarl==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r /app/requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.11.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
